AWS Lambda documentation (#806)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/aws-lambda.mdx

</div>

- **Role Based Authentication**: Enable this setting to use role-based AWS authentication for this destination. If this setting is enabled, you need to configure the following settings:
  <img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/aws-lambda-connection-settings-2.png" alt="AWS Lambda connection settings"/>

  - **IAM Role ARN**: Enter your role ARN. For more information on the IAM ARNs, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html#identifiers-arns">AWS documentation</a>.
  - **External ID**: Enter the external ID associated with the role. For more information on using the external ID, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html">AWS documentation</a>.

If **Role Based Authentication** is disabled, you need to configure the following settings:
  - **Access Key ID**: Enter the AWS access key ID associated with your IAM user account.
  - **Secret Access Key**: Enter your secret access key.

<div class="infoBlock">

> For more information on creating an IAM user in AWS, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html">AWS documentation</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on creating an IAM user in AWS, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html">AWS documentation</a>.
```

Author: @sandeepdsvs please verify if this update is accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on creating an IAM role in AWS, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html">AWS documentation</a>.
```

  <img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/aws-lambda-connection-settings-2.png" alt="AWS Lambda connection settings"/>

  - **IAM Role ARN**: Enter your role ARN. For more information on the IAM ARNs, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html#identifiers-arns">AWS documentation</a>.
  - **External ID**: Enter the external ID associated with the role. For more information on using the external ID, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html">AWS documentation</a>.

<div class="infoBlock">
It is highly recommended to use the <Link to="/resources/glossary/#workspace-token">workspace token</Link> as the external ID while creating the IAM role.
</div>

If **Role Based Authentication** is disabled, you need to configure the following settings:
  - **Access Key ID**: Enter the AWS access key ID associated with your IAM user account.
  - **Secret Access Key**: Enter your secret access key.

<div class="infoBlock">

> For more information on creating an IAM user in AWS, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html">AWS documentation</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on creating an IAM role in AWS, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html">AWS documentation</a>.
```

Reviewer: 👍🏼

</div>

- **Access Key ID**: Enter the AWS access key ID associated with your IAM user account.
- **Secret Access Key**: Enter your secret access key.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on creating an IAM user in AWS, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html">AWS documentation</a>.
</div>

- **Lambda**: Enter the name of the Lambda function to be invoked. RudderStack supports the following name formats:

| Format | Example |
| :-------| :---------|
| Function name | <ul><li>`lambda-function` (Name only)</li><li>`lambda-function:v1` (Name with alias)</li></ul>|
| Function ARN | `arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function` |
| Partial ARN | `123456789012:function:lambda-function` |

<div class="successBlock">
You can also append a version number or alias to any of the above formats.
</div>

- **Invocation Type**: This setting lets you specify how RudderStack invokes the lambda function. You can choose between any of the following two options in the dropdown:

>   - **Event**: RudderStack invokes the lambda function asynchronously and sends the failed events to the function's dead-letter queue (if configured). For more information, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-async.html">AWS Lambda documentation</a>.

Reviewer 2: Lets change this to `Async Invocation`
and `Sync Invocation`
@sandeepdsvs

Reviewer: No longer using this setting.

- **Region**: Enter the region associated with your AWS Lambda service.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on the AWS regions, refer to the <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regions_az/">AWS Regions and Availability Zones</a> guide.
</div>

- **Role Based Authentication**: Enable this setting to use role-based AWS authentication for this destination. If this setting is enabled, you can configure the following fields:
  <img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/aws-lambda-connection-settings-2.png" alt="AWS Lambda connection settings"/>

  - **IAM Role ARN**: Enter your role ARN. For more information on the IAM ARNs, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html#identifiers-arns">AWS documentation</a>.
  - **External ID**: Enter the external ID associated with the role. For more information on using the external ID, refer to the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html">AWS documentation</a>.
- **Access Key ID**: Enter the AWS access key ID associated with your IAM user account.

> - **Secret Access Key**: Enter your secret access key.

Reviewer: @ameypv-rudder  Don't we need to mention `Access Key ID` and `Secret Access Key` will be disabled if `Role Based Authentication` ?

Author: thanks - I've incorporated this feedback.
